My title says all. It is the worst game! I am super big fan of Diablo 2. I had waited for 12 years! For this trash??!

The lead designer of Diablo 3,Jay Wilson, said "F*** that loser" to David Brevik who was the designer of D2. Well, Mr. Jay Wilson, do you know why Diablo 3 sold 3.5 millions copy on the first day and became the fastest selling game in the history? It is because of Diablo 2; It is because of Brevik's Team. Not you! You are far far away from it. If Diablo 3 came out first, Blizzard would be stupid to make a sequel. Why?  because no one would buy it!

What can I say?... Well, Diablo 3 really undermines Blizzard's credibility.loved itIn my opinion, it's all good, which includes the fact that, aside from some relatively minor changes, Diablo III is essentially the same game as its predecessor. That's just fine--Diablo II was a smashing game, and so is D3. The classes are fun to play, if not altogether novel, as some of them combine elements of others we've seen--and enjoyed--before. The graphics are beautiful and atmospheric, and as may be expected these days, much less static than they were twelve years ago. I know some players lament the fact that you still can't pan the camera around freely, but let's face it, most RPGs that let you do this earned little more than complaints about "awkward controls" that hamper the action. The latter is something Blizzard certainly seems determined to avoid, and successfully I believe. Given the hordes of monsters D3 ceaselessly launches at you, would you really want to fiddle with the camera? For what it's worth, the Zoom function now truly zooms in on the graphics instead of merely enlarging the pixels as it did in the earlier games. And that's worth a lot, as the art design is elegant and original, and deserves a closer look. The biggest change is in the way your character's abilities are meted out. No more talent tree, forcing you to lock in your skills. The game decides what you get and at what level, depriving talent tinkerers of some of the flexibility they enjoyed in the earlier games. The advantage of this new system is that you can deploy all the different abilities you have acquired (along with their individual upgrades) at any point in the game. If this particular change doesn't profoundly disappoint you, you'll enjoy Diablo III as much as you did Diablo II, unless you played that one for so long that something of the mad joy of slaughtering legions of monsters and always chasing the next better piece of gear died in you years ago.

Let's not forget about the elephant in the room, of course. You need an active internet connection to play Diablo III. That's active as in "active for the duration of the time you wish to play," not just for authentication. But frankly, the bumpy launch due to this feature notwithstanding, this doesn't bother me one bit. Sure, Diablo III is supposed to function as a single-player experience with online play as an optional feature, causing people to question the logic of requiring a constant Internet connection. But I believe that unless you really do not have Internet access during most of the time you intend on playing--in which case I would naturally recommend against your purchasing Diablo III--this is an academic point. If you're just angry at the fact that Blizzard "went there," but could certainly play D3 with its Internet requirement, don't deprive yourself. Moreover, we should judge the game on its merit, not on what is required to play it. Many recreational activities have, or have added over time, certain entry requirements you need to meet to be able to participate: computer games require access to or ownership of a computer, to play golf you need to be able to afford membership in a club, and without cable or satellite, a lot of televised content will be unavailable to you whereas in the past, all you needed was a TV set and an antenna (so we should hate and boycott all those fancy new HBO programs). Blizzard is simply one of the first major players in the field of computer games that added a new entry requirement for the enjoyment of one of its products. It's a bit shocking, perhaps. But as the software sector gradually moves toward a world where you no longer own physical media but rather lease content, I doubt that they will be the last company to use this method to protect their revenue stream, no matter how busy you get trying to downgrade their ratings in forums like this one.I got Diablo III, the disk version and then my girlfriend ordered it online so we can both play. We love this awesome game!Wait for the price to hit 20 or 40$, or maybe if PvP ever comes out it may be worth playing.  I dont' see how they can do pvp with all the game breaking items there exists.  I guess it will be a Pay to win game then.

The game has no replay value. It is nothing like diablo 2.

The game design is rather poor, voice acting is limited and repetitive. Not really something that is okay in a 2012 60$ game.

I guess I got my moneys worth? Have over 100hrs played. But its just dead now. No end game content other than farm farm farm, sell your total junk items and hope to get enough money to maybe possibly eventually buy 1 item upgarde off the auction house.  Prices are horribly inflated by people having gotten high level gear/content from pre Blizzard nurf.  Now if you are not already in the top you cannot get to the top.

Blizzard keeps telling people what "fun" is. How about they let customers decide what fun is?dont bather paying for a online single player game buy the ps3/4 or xbox 360 ver
but even then people complaining that ff13 was stupid and a tunnel game
i don't see anyone complaining about this beig a tunnel game, there may be many dif paths but all end at a dead end and only one keeps goingThis is just an authentication key.  You don't actually get the game on a DVD, just an installer that points you online to download the game client.
What a complete waste of a wait.Read through all the reviews here on Amazon.com, and you'll see everything that goes into the title of my review. So...I'm not going to review, and, thus, become redundant. But take my word for it, all the bad things you have heard about this game, they're true...as true as the dial to the sun or an arrow to its aim.

This game is ridiculous for this day and age in the gaming world. The graphics, the story line, the mechanics, etc., etc., etc. It feels like I am playing the original Neverwinter Nights, (which was a wonderful game for its time, I might add) but MUCH worse, because it is completely and utterly linear. And again, the graphics are straight out of the mid-90s. What the heck were they thinking?

I spent $59.99 on a pre-order for this game, expecting something ground-breaking. What I got was the hugest disappointment I have ever experienced in the age of computer games. I feel as though Blizzard reached their hands in my wallet and pulled out three $20 bills when I wasn't looking.

If you haven't purchased the game yet, heed my advice and the rest of the negative reviews here...DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!Fantastic Game. One of the best RPGs of all time. Blizzard did a great job. Fun for all ages, in my opinion.After waiting 10+ years it was a bit disappointing.  That said the game was fun and polished.  I played into nightmare mode (played it 3x).  That said the story seems shorter than the previous one and not quite as well developed.  Perhaps I was just expecting more given the gap in time from the previous title.

The graphics were good, but not mind blowingly so.  In reality it didn't feel that much different than the previous version.  It could just as easily have been an expansion pack to Diablo II.Graphics do not seem to look much better than D2 and game play does not not feel like it has advanced much.  I was hoping for some improvements. I will say that the video/cut scenes, although fewer than I would have liked were excellently done.If you read the smallest possible print at the bottom of the box you might be able to see that an internet connection to Blizzard servers is required in order to play this game. You may need a magnifying glass to read it, but it is there. That's bad enough, but even if you do have an internet connection, there is no guarantee you will be able to play this game! I have been waiting for over 2 hours (from 12:30 pm to 2:45 pm on a Tuesday, while school is still in session)and was not able to log onto their servers because they were "Full" (they were already too busy), and I waited in "Queing" mode until I was repeatedly disconnected without "Queing" in or ever being connected for over 2 hours. I still have not been able to play this new game that I paid Full price for, and in good faith. I for one will be returning this game for a refund. I refuse to pay for a game I cannot even play!! This game needed a single player mode that could be played on our own computers for those of us who are not interested in multiplayer B.S. Blizzard was only interested in making another World of Warcraft. I closed my account with W.O.W. for the very same reasons. That was another potentially great game destroyed by bad management on behalf of Blizzard. I will not be buying any more Blizzard games.
PS- I would have given zero stars if possible. It is not fun waiting for hours in "queing" mode.excellent productEverywhere I go I see mostly the same things being said, and the themes are: "Not enough like D2" or "It sucks because it's Online only."  Although it's valid to complain about games being online only when they are single player games.  It's a catch-22 to say that this game isn't enough like D2.  Especially when those same people would be complaining about it if it were the same as D2.

Random Mapping: I don't see why the exclusion of this feature kills replay value.  Just because the maps don't switch from being square, rectangular, circular, etc... Or that the big tree moves from point A to point B every time you exit/enter the game.  It doesn't mean that the fun factor goes from 5 to 3 automatically.  So if you absolutely have to have random maps everytime you start the game, then stop reading this review and don't buy it.  However, if you don't really care about the shape of your maps then continue reading.  (I really haven't noticed, nor have any negative thing to say about the maps in this game.  I've been too busy killing monsters).

Population of Monsters:  Much like D2, this game starts out easy.  Where you'll see three to four things strung together in a field.  It then builds towards fighting hordes of zombies/skeletons/demons.  This is where the fun is in the game.  Trying to survive a seemingly endless onslaught of hell's minions trying to kill you at every turn.  Can it get boring just killing stuff?  Sure it can, but how many games out there don't get boring?

Classes:  This is the part where the games loses some points.  There are five classes, two melees, two casters, and an archer.  The only ones that I really find fun are the Monk and the Witchdoctor, but wall of zombies was bit of a buzz kill...  Maybe they'll add more classes if they do an expansion.  As far as I know they all have their own selection of area and single attacks.  Though it does seem like you have to wait longer to get the good ones on a couple of them.

Gear:  Gear is handled in much of the same way as D2, and Torchlight.  Where you have a non magical level, a magical level, a rare level, and a legendary level.  The items are given random stats and the amount of unique stats is dependant on the item quality.  ie a "Blue" item will have less unique stats than a "Gold" or "Orange" item.  In normal mode you'll get most of the Gold items from bosses.  However, in Nightmare it seems like the bosses will only drop Blue items and the gold ones drop off of the Unique monsters.

Normal Mode:  Easy until you venture out of the keep in Act III.  It will be too easy on certain classes, and challenging on others.

Nightmare:  Continues on the difficulty level at the end of Act III NM, but the unique monsters have two abilities they use.  Which makes it frustratingly fun.  Especially when you get those Mortar Shielding or Extra Health Shielding monsters.  I haven't gotten too far, since I've tried two different classes so far.

Graphics:  I don't see why people think the graphics suck.  So what if the Avatars of the characters are art?  If I'm not mistaken, most games of this genre look about the same.  Again, graphics are just superficial.  I'm more concerned about having fun when I play video games.

Overall I think Diablo 3 is fun.  Does it live up to the legacy of the previous games?  I don't know, I can't really remember playing D2 or D1 since it's been over 10 years since I've played either.  If you want to have some fun until the next "big game" comes out then go for it.  But if you needed this game to be a clone of Diablo 2, then find something else to do.  I, for one, am glad this game isn't the same as Diablo 2.  Because I'VE ALREADY PLAYED DIABLO 2!!  The complaints about replay value are moot.  Because the average person that complains about replay value were going to end up buying the "next big game" anyways.  Every game has people like that, who race through the game and beat it the day after launch and complain about everything in between (eventhough they skipped through all the dialogue and ran straight to the objectives).  Eventually they'll leave and the game will be left with true fans that enjoy playing the game.  I don't know if I'll get all the acheivements (mostly because I'm too reckless to play Hardcore characters).  But I will continue to play this game because it's fun.I was pretty excited about Diablo 3 since its predecessors were two of my all-time favorite games.  Diablo 3, on the other hand, ranks right up there with pile surgery on the entertainment front.  Why?  Because Battle.net is a pain in the ass.

After trying to log in to play the game most of the day, only to receive a useless message that Battle.net is under maintenance, I was finally able to log in.  What few minutes I did get to play before the system crashed, due to a failure in the connection to Battle.net, seemed a bit promising, but so far I'm still waiting for Diablo 3 to be released.  I'm guessing the CDs and downloads that were made available today were part 1 of the Diablo 3 release.  I have no idea when part two, the part where you can actually play the game, will occur.

I recommend skipping this game, at least for now.

UPDATE:

Now that the issues with the Battle.net servers seems to have been solved, I would recommend Diablo 3.  I like the improvements to game play over the previous Diablo games, in particular, the way that the town portal and identifying objects works is much improved.  I also like the fact that I don't have to spend time rearranging my pack all the time.  I will provide more information as I play the game.Diablo 3 may not be for everyone, but if you're looking for a game where you get to slaughter large numbers of demons without having to overthink things, then this is for you. If you liked the previous games in the series, you will probably enjoy this one as well. There are changes, and they may seem unsetling at first, but once you get accustomed to it I think you'll see that most of the changes are for the best. A lot of the micromanaging aspects have been removed, allowing you to get into the action quicker and more frequently, and not get bogged down by other details. Also, no more agonizing over decisions, as there is almost nothing you can do that can't be undone somehow. Experiment with skills and gems all you like, then go back and do it a different way.

For those unfamiliar with the series, Diablo 3 really is as good a place as any to start as it is both different enough and good enough to stand on its own merits. At its heart, it's basically a game about clicking on the monsters until they die (you click to attack), but with many different options for attacks (they become mapped to left click, right click, and 1-4 on the keyboard), many different enemies to kill, new skills to learn with experience, and especially the new loot to collect and equip, it really doesn't get old as fast as you might think. I can happily become lost for hours killing demons and claiming treasure. It does earn its mature rating for both adult themes and glorious, gratuitious violence though.

There are some flaws. Some people have criticized the need to be online to play. While I understand this, it doesn't bother me, as I only like to play with others online anyway. If this bothers you though, it is definitely worth noting. What does bother me is that online play is limited to four people together, rather than the eight from previous installments. I do have more than three people I'd like to play with! But this too I can live with. Most other complaints that have been lodged against this game I have found to be essentially baseless though, so if these elements don't bother you, I would check it out.I want this game since a year now, finally i got it, they should explain the installation and "region" processI found the game very "easy" to play (that is, if I get to play it, since the infamous Error 37 is the biggest threat in the game) and not, for my part, innovative at all. Having played many RPGs like Mass Effect, Dark Souls and Dragon Age lately, I have expected Blizzard to somehow come up with a more thrilling story and more compelling action sequences. However,I feel like I am repeating myself over and over to the point that I can get over it all by using just one hand. Don't get me wrong, I still am a great fan of Diablo 2, and am not comparing the franchise directly with the other RPGs out there, but still, they could have done so much more in the time available, especially after having seen what is going on in the gaming world. That, of course, is my humble opinion. Back to D2, I guess (Error 37 forces my hand anyway :p )

Edit (5-6 days later):
After the patch 1.0.2b, the game became unplayable as error messages followed one after another. I am forced to exit the game, and then try to reboot, and voila... The same error message again! All this, after an update. Seriously, Blizzard: After such a long time spent programming this game, how can you mess it up so badly? After all, I CAN NOT PLAY THE GAME I PAID 60 BUCKS FOR! I really am very disappointed with this game and Blizzard, and having read many forums, I know there happen to be a LOT of people who have run into the same sort of problems and feel the same. So, from now on, no more Blizzard for me!Now I cannot say this is a bad game, because it has a good story, excellent graphics, awesome soundtrack, and great twists! It's also fun to play with friends, but the DRM of being constantly connected really wrecks the experience. As someone with not very stable Internet, to be rubber-banding in a single-player game can be quite a nuisance. I was lucky when that didn't happen during a certain boss battle (you may remember this boss from a certain first quest in Diablo 1, and he's even more frustrating to kill!) Another thing is, the game seemed short compared to the others, but I am sue the expansion fixed that. It was disappointing, since I had waited so long to play this, watching for years the progress and trailer videos and excited when it was coming! Hopefully one day they will release it without the DRM, or I'll just get the PS4 version (way out in the future, since I cannot afford that and had just been able to get a PS2...yeah....) since I hear that is free of all that. I did get this game when it was still fairly new (no expansion out yet) and just forgot to review it, but I do have hopes for the game still because of its console release which is why I am posting now~excelente...I loved the gamed until after you finish with normal mode other modes like nightmare to inferno are just exactly the same thing as you did in normal but harder. The other problem is that this game has no offline mode, just have to be connected to the internet to play the game. Lastly, there is no real pvp update made the extendability of the game dead. If your a fan of d2 you won't be disappointed in the storyline or the gameplay, but there is no real end game just repetitive gameplay till you get bored. If you do buy the game always play the barbarian!! OP class and can make it easier for you to level other toons or transfer items from your main.

Overall: I give it 5 stars for graphics and 3 for gameplayIt was quit fun, but the only thing we didn't like was that we waited years to get this game for it to be kind of short. If your looking for a few hours of fun this is for you.It's fun when you're with others, but generally rubbish for solo play. As someone that owns and has played the previous Diablo games and expansions, I found that Diablo 3 left much to be desired. I played duo with a friend of mine and we were blasting through the campaign on Normal mode with Demon Hunter and Wizard. We then raised the difficulty to Hard, the highest we could go with beating the game at least once, and it was still pretty easy; although we had just reached the low 20s in level.

I think part of the problem is that, in my opinion, a lot of the really good skills you get pretty early on. And even if you get better skills later, their runes (which modify the behavior of a skill) take even longer to unlock so that you are better off using a lower level skill with a high level rune. To me that's a problem because it doesn't make me want to use new skills often.

Even the final boss, Diablo, was super easy. We barely moved around the map, we were around level 40, we were equipping level 10-20 skills for our actives, and had level 38-ish gear with two or three rares. The total time to beat Diablo, both forms, was under 2 minutes. Don't forget, we switched to Hard mode, so when you take that into account you can see that there is a serious balance issue in the game. There's just no challenge and no real reason to get better skills or gear. Until...

The next difficulty mode up makes you feel like a gimp. It takes forever to kill anything, even the most basic of fodder. But you still don't get a lot of good item drops, and making stuff for yourself is... less than satisfying for many reasons. And although I was glad that "Nightmare" mode was definitely more difficult, I sadly didn't find the monster were more interesting or fun to engage in, they just had a ton more health and did more damage; very plain and unimaginative. Not the level of quality I expect from a Blizzard game.

But if you get the game on sale, it's decent fun with some friends. Just don't expect it to be as long lived as the prequels.Great gameThis is a good game but it really isn't a Diablo game.  Sure it was made by Blizzard but all the people from Blizzard North (who made Diablo and Diablo II) have left Blizzard or were left go.  The games skill system is weak and lacks depth, the gold and real money AH take away the fun of loot hunting, the graphics are okay but are to bright and not dark enough, and the map aren't random enough.Played the previous versions and loved them and was not disappointed by this one. I did not get it as soon as it was released as I knew they would have problems right out of the gate, which is also why I bought the actual boxed version, even though most games I buy and download via Steam, Origin and Gameplay. I only had one connection problem in the three or so weeks I've been playing Diablo III. If you were a fan of the previous versions, you should like this one, too. If you're expecting something mind-blowing, you may be disappointed, but I found this one thoroughly enjoyable.Love the game thanks!
This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. ThanksBlizzard is legendary when it comes to making quality games and this one is no different. While it isn't as great as the earlier Diablo games, it is still a fantastic experience especially with the expansion pack and all the changes they have made.This game is sub par for Blizzard.  Not fun, no customization and offers nothing new.  Just play Diablo 2 and save your money.having played D2 for hundreds of hours, I was nervous whether Blizzard would mess this up after so long. They didn't - and the auction house addition, using game gold, is fun. I don't understand though why "people" would use ACTUAL real currency to "buy" ingame items. People its only a game, anything more and you need a life.loved itI am spending lots of spare time enjoying this gameThis was the first game that I truly bought into the hype and purchased full price within the early goings of the release. It just made sense. Many of my friends were playing this game. This was the most hyped game in the history of PC gaming thus far. So, I gave it a try. The first time through the game was amazing. But, as you go along, there are far too many limitations and unpolished aspects of the game.

The Good

* The heroes. There are a wide variety classes - The Barbarian, Monk, Demon Hunter, Witch, and the Wizard. Lots of different characters to play with. Barbarian for the close range, physical prowess. Demon Hunter for the long range sniping and shooting ability. Witch and Wizard with spells and spiritual powers.

* Beautiful settings. Dirt, night, day, villages, fire, hell, heaven, everything looks gorgeous

* The first time through the game is epic, until the very last ACT. The ACT was just disappointing. I couldn't even believe when I killed Diablo. I figured it should have been a bit more difficult. Still, the first half and through the first part of the 2nd half is pulse pounding fun.

* Looting. It's quite fun. And addictive.

* Armor and weapons upgrading. Highly addictive to a certain extent. There are attributes that make certain armor and weapons more appealing, including vitality, regeneration, gold find, and so forth.

The Bad, Bad, Bad

* Required online log in. What? Are you kidding me? I have to log in and stay online just to play by myself. I should never have to lag when I am playing alone. A hiccup in internet connection is all it takes to die. If that happens in hardcore, oh that is no good at all.

* No voice chat function. That makes no sense at all. Valve has succeeded and made it a standard. It makes absolute no sense to force players to use the in-game text chat or other external programs like skype and ventrilo. Shame on Blizzard.

* The additional modes are not appealing. After you finish the game once, you enter Nightmare mode, and so forth. However, aside from higher difficulty, different items, and tougher monsters, there is really no difference. The same thing, again and again.

* I expected the graphics to be much better and refined. Zoomed in, the game just looks horrible and blocky.

I had a wonderful and enjoyable time finishing the game first time through. After that, I began to mope around and wander around trying to find some reason to keep playing the game. So I tried selling armor and weapon. I purchased armor and weapons from the auctions. I wanted to improve my hero's overall makeup. Then, that got old. I officially stopped playing after a month. Disappointing. There is little to no replay value.I'm going to give an objective review of the game itself, so people interested in how the game plays can hopefully get a feel for what the game offers.

--------
Story
--------
D3 offers a much larger story than previous entries. I still wouldn't call it an excellent story, or excellent writing, but there is certainly a lot more volume to it than previous games. Every monster type has a lore entry associated with it that gives some background, that was a nice addition. Your companions now have a name and a story to them, unlike the disposable mercs in D2. Overall, I would call the story good, not great or perfect, but good.

--------
Gameplay
--------
The meat of the game. This is a hack and slash, dungeon crawler. The entire point of the game is getting loot, not doing quests. People call it an action RPG, but I don't think that fits well. It's a Dungeon Crawler which is its own beast.

In D3 you no longer do a basic attack with your weapon, everything is skill based. At any given time you may have 6 skills equipped (you start with 1, more are unlocked as you play). At any time you can change which 6 skills you have available depending on the situation you face. Each skill can be modified with a rune that will change how the skill behaves, the variance can be quite extreme making the same skill seam like you have many different skills.

Combat is you click on something, it dies, you repeat that endlessly in the hopes they'll drop better loot. You use your skills to either do damage to several enemies, or just one, or to slow down enemies, or to incapacitate them for a sort duration. If that sounds boring, then dungeon crawlers are not for you!

Difficulty depends on your class, and how well you play. Some classes are easier than others. Normal is easy regardless, it will be a walk in the park. You'll probably still die, but not often and probably not until Act III or IV (if you play good). Nightmare and Hell are small steps up in challenge, if you play solo. If you play in a group the challenge can either be easier, or harder. In groups if your team actually works together the game is a cakewalk. If they don't work together, you will have a harder time than if you played solo. Inferno steps it up to an entirely new level. You will be forced to grind each act several times before you can move onto the next. Act II is a real wake up call. It's important to note that elite and champion mobs are where the loot is at, not bosses, so you can't do speed runs to the Act bosses and expect to get good loot, it won't happen.

My first play through Normal took just under 25 hours, and I explored every corner and did every optional dungeon. Speeding through it is possible to go through the entire game just a couple hours (there are achievements for doing each Act in under 1 hour, so that must be possible).

--------
Customization
--------
Looks is an area that's lacking. Visually your only choice is male or female, you can not change how your character looks at all. I think that was a major feature left out of the game. While you never had a choice in previous games, it is something people have come to expect in modern games.

For stats, they are assigned automatically. Some people really hate that, so be warned. In D2 you looked up online in a guide what stats you should have, and you did it. There was no experimentation, no difference between players. Because stats are assigned automatically it is impossible to 'ruin' a character and be forced to delete them and start over to fix a 'mistake' (the only mistake being not checking a guide before leveling).

The only form of customization comes in the form of gear. Stats on gear are 100% randomly rolled by the game and the stats they provide are far higher than your 'base' stats (so assigning your own points would be pointless anyways). It is extremely unlikely that you will ever get or even see the same drop twice. Obviously it will happen as there is only a finite number of combinations, but the number of combinations possible for each item is so large that in practical terms you won't see identical items. So you can still have 'loot envy' in this game where people will marvel at your gear, or you will marvel at theirs.

Further, gear can be customized to your choice with gems. Sockets take the place of a stat on an item, and they can not provide as high of a bonus as a pure stat would have. So are gems worthless? No. They let you dictate what stat the item will have, and it allows you to boost an individual stat higher than normally possible. For example if you had a ring with a maximum possible +100 vitality on it, and it has a socket available, you could pop a gem in for another 58 vitality, giving you 58% more health from a single equipment slot than you could possibly had gotten with pure stats alone. The other use for gems is playing another character. Your max level 60 character can obtain the best gems in the game, and your low level character can use them for massively powerful low level gear.

--------
Sound
--------
I don't have a lot to say in this category, other than I like what I'm hearing. Nothing is annoying me, and it has the familiar sound effects for things like town portals socketing gems.

--------
Graphics
--------
These are pretty good, better than D2 obviously. I would call it dark, I don't see the complaints of it looking like a kids game. There is blood everywhere, bodies everywhere, torture chambers, bodies explode when you kill them, dungeons are dark and hard to see.

The cut scenes are very well done, in particular the one between Act II and III I thought was really good. The amount of detail you see is incredible.

--------
Online
--------
So this is what most 1 star reviews are about. Yes, you have to be online 100% of the time. If you get disconnected, you have to start over from the last check point. The launch of the game was rocky, they had to restart the servers several times, and bring them down for patches. During those times, you can't play at all, even single player. Now that things have settled out, that's largely gone and you may never notice the online requirement at all. I don't let this bother me too much, I'm honest enough to say that in 10 years I'll have no interest in ever playing Diablo 3 again, but I also have no doubt that the servers will still be running in 10 years. Blizzard has a history of supporting their games for decades, I don't see that changing now.

The pros however are that your characters are always saved on the server, so you can never loose your character due to your computer crashing, hard drive wipe, corrupted file, etc. If you install the game on a new computer, or go to a friends house, your character will be right there ready to go with no special actions taken by yourself. Playing with friends is incredibly easy if you want to get your co-op fix. There is a general chat channel if you want to shoot the breeze with random people, and you can chat with friends even if you are not playing co-op together.

This game has a RMAH (real money auction house) which is a sore spot for many, myself included. It allows a kid with mommies credit card to buy their way into better gear than you have, in about 2 minutes. So that means people can get awesome gear, and not earn it. But looking on the flip side... if I happen to find that awesome gear ... I'm the one that gets that money. Well, some of it. Blizzard/Paypal have some pretty harsh fees. This isn't in the game yet, so time will tell how it unfolds.

--------
Performance
--------
The game runs smooth on both of my computers. One is a desktop with an old AMD Phenom x3 processor and an GTX 465 video card. The other is a standard HP laptop with a Core i7 and a Radeon 6000m something series video card. On both the game runs perfectly with no issues at all. I even ran it on an older laptop with just an i5 and integrated Intel HD3000 video card. It ran the game on low decently, but still had some hiccups/lag.

--------
Conclusion
--------
Overall I'm having fun with the game. I don't know how long that will last, but I'll certainly get my monies worth. My gold standard is I want 1 hour of playtime out of every dollar I spend. I've already met that, so I don't feel like I wasted my money.

Could the game have been done better? Absolutely. There are a lot of small flaws, but the game is playable as is. With patches, a lot of those small issues may be resolved, or they might not, I can't read the future.

If you are a fan of dungeon crawlers, I say pick it up. If you are a diehard D2 fan, and think D2 was perfect or near perfect ... I wouldn't play D3 unless you keep an open mind. It is not the same as D2, they made changes. Treat it like a different game, go into it like you went into Titan Quest, you might enjoy it better.I have enjoyed the Diablo 1 & 2.  I have plaid the ps3 version and like the pc the best much more to it.It's fun when you're with others, but generally rubbish for solo play. As someone that owns and has played the previous Diablo games and expansions, I found that Diablo 3 left much to be desired. I played duo with a friend of mine and we were blasting through the campaign on Normal mode with Demon Hunter and Wizard. We then raised the difficulty to Hard, the highest we could go with beating the game at least once, and it was still pretty easy; although we had just reached the low 20s in level.

I think part of the problem is that, in my opinion, a lot of the really good skills you get pretty early on. And even if you get better skills later, their runes (which modify the behavior of a skill) take even longer to unlock so that you are better off using a lower level skill with a high level rune. To me that's a problem because it doesn't make me want to use new skills often.

Even the final boss, Diablo, was super easy. We barely moved around the map, we were around level 40, we were equipping level 10-20 skills for our actives, and had level 38-ish gear with two or three rares. The total time to beat Diablo, both forms, was under 2 minutes. Don't forget, we switched to Hard mode, so when you take that into account you can see that there is a serious balance issue in the game. There's just no challenge and no real reason to get better skills or gear. Until...

The next difficulty mode up makes you feel like a gimp. It takes forever to kill anything, even the most basic of fodder. But you still don't get a lot of good item drops, and making stuff for yourself is... less than satisfying for many reasons. And although I was glad that "Nightmare" mode was definitely more difficult, I sadly didn't find the monster were more interesting or fun to engage in, they just had a ton more health and did more damage; very plain and unimaginative. Not the level of quality I expect from a Blizzard game.

But if you get the game on sale, it's decent fun with some friends. Just don't expect it to be as long lived as the prequels.let's be honest, this game was beautiful, but the play is just dullI have enjoyed the Diablo 1 & 2.  I have plaid the ps3 version and like the pc the best much more to it.My son wanted this game for a while after reading a bunch of good reviews for it online.  He seems happy with it, has enjoyed playing it quite a bit since receiving it for Christmas!I love this game. It's fun, it's addictive!update of previous versionsI bought this game opening day and have played consistently since. I am not a super avid gamer but when I find time to play I get pretty addicted to some games, and this is one of them.

Starting out, my friends and I agreed that there were a few things lacking compared to Diablo 2 however since all of the new patches and updates things just keep getting better and better. Its a game where you don't have to constantly play to keep up with people, and its just as interactive as a lot of other online rpg's minus being able to have really large group. The storyline was pretty good the first time around but by the third time around it does get really old.

The auction house in this game is just as addicting as the game. I can spend hours at a time in there, buying and selling. It alone makes Diablo 3 better than the previous. I've only ever used the gold auction house for buying, however I have sold some things on the real money auctions and it is a lot of fun to barter and bid!

Very fun if you have a closely knit group of 6 friends that all play regularly. I would not keep playing unless they were playing with me. However you can join random games and meet some pretty cool people and team up to play.

Overall I highly recommend it if you enjoy any of the other blizzard games especially the previous Diablo 2.Rating this was tricky for me because the game is brilliant but I have a complaint about the DVD. Basically the disks don't have the game on them anymore. You buy them if you want to keep the box or just don't like paying for it online. The actual games aren't on the disks though you basically bought it for the key. So you'll need to download a large portion of the game despite buying the disk.After almost 12 years since Diablo II, this game should have been ready for release, but it isn't.  The server problems are even more severe than during the beta test a few weeks ago; the US servers crashed soon after release and haven't yet been brought back online... a sad situation for a company that has been making its living online with their recent (huge) releases.  Nevertheless, a few hours of gameplay gave me a fair impression of the game; it's moderately fun but not really challenging or rewarding.
You run around on linear missions slaughtering easy hoards and a few bosses.  It was great fun in Diablo and Diablo II (both of which I still play occassionally), but uninspired this time around.  As you level up, you can't really customize your characters because there aren't any skill trees (leveling up seems to only unlock predefined skills).  Blizzard does allow you some customization... you can pick the design and color of your banners! FUN!  Like everybody else, I haven't had much play time because of Blizzard's server issues, but it appears that the game doesn't spawn new or different enemies as you take different characters through acts.
The real purpose of the game seems to be connecting players to the auction houses.  Blizzard won't let you play without being connected to their servers because "you might want to visit the auction house".  The main motivation to visit the auction house appears to be to try to get something, anything, to make your character unique because there certainly isn't anything that you're going to pick up in the early levels that is unique, the NPC merchants have nothing to offer, and the absence of skill trees results in boring, stock characters.
Wait a few months.  When the price drops to 30% of its current level it might be a worthwhile investment, but at the current price it is a real rip-off.
UPDATE...  Blizzard keeps tweaking the game, which should lead to an improved experience, but it doesn't.  While the servers have stabilized, the game play has gotten worse. The game has gone from being ridiculously easy to insanely difficult. Suddenly the monsters surround your character so there is no escape and they can kill you with two blows. I went from never dying in the first week of release to now dying almost every time I respawn.  There's no enjoyment in either extreme.
Again, I loved the first two Diablo games but I'm growing to hate this one.  I'm about ready to uninstall the game and accept that Blizzard simply ripped me off. Dropping a star from overall rating, but would really like to lower the "fun" rating (for some reason Amazon won't allow us to edit that part of the review).Total cash grab. Drops are basically tightly controlled and meted out, with the goal of forcing you into the real money auction house to progress. Basically the gameplay itself is fun, until you get to Inferno mode, in which case you need really good gear to progress. I played hours upon hours and never got anything I could use. Basically the only thing to do is sell little odds and ends and flip stuff on the AH for a profit, then slowly buy yourself upgrades. The problem is, the stuff you need for Inferno mode costs so much, that it's practically impossible to get. Unless you break out your wallet.

This is not a game that includes an Auction House, this is an auction house that includes a game. The whole thing was designed to force you into the AH, to line Blizzard's pockets. I used to love Blizzard, but after Cataclysm and now this, I'm afraid they are on their way out as a gaming company. Fun comes first, and then the money will follow. Greed is just Greed.Diablo III and IV are some of the best fun you can have on a computer game. The graphics are good, the action is fast-paced but I did find the product disappointing even though I give it 5 stars. Blizzard Entertainment having put years into the game's development missed an opportunity by limiting the dungeons, secret rooms, etc, it fell short of being a Great Game. So much space to have secret dungeons and it's like the company ignored the real estate of its own game. A good patch would be to introduce more dungeons, more secret rooms, more ... more.... more! I do recommend this game but how many times can one keep playing the same dungeons? If one has to play online in order to play the game then there is really no reason not to add more adventure to the game.This was one of the biggest let downs in gaming history for me. If I could do it again I would have went straight to torchlight 2 saving nearly $50.00I love this game its fun and its cool and its really fun i really love this game! u should try itI bought this for my son's birthday at his request.  He loves the Diablo games and played it often when he received it.  The only drawback - the game wasn't released when they promised, due to some programming problems.  He had to wait several months for the product.Still playing to this day.  Its fun to play for a few weeks, and then forget about it.  Come back a few weeks later for more fun, and to check out the new patched in content.  Cannot wait for the expansion!